#!/bin/sh
d=translations/ANON_SUITES/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo WS_TLS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CMS_ONLY/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Infoleak > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CMS_VERSION/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Infoleak > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CMS_VERSION_VULN/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Infoleak > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CSP_CORRECT/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CSP_LEGACY_HEADER_SET/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CSP_NO_UNSAFE_INCLUDED/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CSP_UNSAFE_INCLUDED/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CT_CORRECT/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CT_HEADER_WITHOUT_CHARSET/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CT_HEADER_WITH_CHARSET/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CT_META_TAG_SET/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CT_META_TAG_SET_CORRECT/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/CT_WRONG_CHARSET/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/DES_SUITES/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo WS_TLS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/EMAIL_FOUND/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Infoleak > $d/de.txt
d=translations/EXPIRED/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo WS_TLS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/EXPORT_SUITES/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo WS_TLS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/HASH_ALGO/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo WS_TLS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/HPKP_LESS_15/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/HPKP_MORE_15/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/HPKP_REPORT_URI/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/HSTS_LESS_6/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/HSTS_MORE_6/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/HSTS_PRELOAD/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/HTTPS_RESPONSE/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo WS_TLS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/HTTPS_SUPPORTED/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo WS_TLS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/INCLUDE_SUBDOMAINS/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/JS_LIB_ONLY/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Infoleak > $d/de.txt
d=translations/JS_LIB_VERSION/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Infoleak > $d/de.txt
d=translations/JS_LIB_VULN_VERSION/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Infoleak > $d/de.txt
d=translations/MALWARE_FOUND/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo INI_S > $d/de.txt
d=translations/NOT_YET_VALID/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo WS_TLS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/NO_SINKS_FOUND/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/NO_SOURCES_FOUND/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/NULL_SUITES/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo WS_TLS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/NUMBER_FOUND/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Infoleak > $d/de.txt
d=translations/PHISING_FOUND/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo INI_S > $d/de.txt
d=translations/PLUGIN_ONLY/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Infoleak > $d/de.txt
d=translations/PLUGIN_VERSION/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Infoleak > $d/de.txt
d=translations/PLUGIN_VERSION_VULN/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Infoleak > $d/de.txt
d=translations/RC4_SUITES/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo WS_TLS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/SINKS_FOUND/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/SOURCES_FOUND/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/SPAM_FOUND/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo INI_S > $d/de.txt
d=translations/XCTO_CORRECT/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/XCTO_NOT_CORRECT/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/XFO_CORRECT/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/XFO_WILDCARDS/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/XXSS_BLOCK/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/XXSS_CORRECT/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo HSHS_DOMXSS > $d/de.txt
d=translations/DONT_LEAK_USER_CREDS/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/HEADER_NOT_SET/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/HEADER_SET_MULTIPLE_TIMES/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/JSON_DECODE_ERROR/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/LOCALHOST_SCAN_NOT_ALLOWED/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/MAX_AGE_ERROR/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/NOT_REACHABLE/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/NO_HTTP_RESPONSE/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/NO_SOURCE_CODE/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/NO_VALID_URL/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/PORT_DISALLOWED/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/REDIRECT_ERROR/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt
d=translations/SCORE_info/Category ; mkdir -p $d ; echo Fehlermeldung > $d/de.txt

